
1. Stage Management week! 
> being used as Mark’s second
> Manage Victorian Uploads, Daud, helping us with extras, new map 
> preparing for interviews, look over challenge submissions
> team trainings for interviewing
>this is what the sound needs to be like, this is the effect it creates
>CONCRETE 5-10 OBJECT/SOUND combos as actionable for this week (cycle)
Top level goal: How can we make it nicer or people to cowork 
TEAM
- new office Space (Sounds) [BRIAN]
- redo Rooftop Party [BRIAN]
- Gather party Space [ROSE]
- finish antique objects [DAUD]
    - colors & assetizing & uploads
    - more fancy objects
- prepare for interviews
    - team training [EVERYONE]
    - contact ppl to set up interviews [MARK]
    - other team training? [EVERYONE]
- support Mark [JADEN]
- look over challenges
    - prepare files [MARK]
    - look over challenges (group? individually?) [EVERYONE]
        - go through individually then together
- apparel design rework [JADEN]
    - style touchup (greens?)
    - add detail
    - add city landmarks
    - make seamless on the edges
    - add stars
- sounds [MARK & JADEN]
    - make objects +5
    - decide on sounds 5-10
        - volume
        - object

2. Finish Apparel Skyling
3. Spacial Audio objects and environments
4. Art Deco Notion Doc


Gather Challenge Artist Submissions Notes:

A: Amy Truong
Andrea: Great plant, well designed and illustrated. Toy machine perspective is off.
Brian: Agreed on all points so far. What are those table objects? 
Daud: Good. They look like Gather Objects. Style matching done well. 
Jaden: Good delicacy. Nice following the style guide we sent out. Great use of light.
Rose: Not crazy about the floor! 
Mark: Floor looks like there won’t be banding, pretty impressed. 

Yes 


B: Tavia
Andrea: does not look like gather art! Inconsistent perspective!
floor is cut in some places, like there may be a problem with it.
Brian: Confusing unlatching objects. Cue balls not outlined, they went above and beyond but poorly. 
Daud: Agreed on all points. No internal consistency. Not great overall. 
Jaden: Scale and perspective off, floor broken, possibly copied object not modified to match. 
Rose: Seems new to pixel art. Potential to grow. Beginners mistakes. 
They’re on the path but not at the destination, they would need a firm guiding hand. 
Mark: Agrees with all points. 


C:  Sarah Boeving
Brian: I like this one a lot, not in love with the floor, rugs look soft and thick. gorgeous objects. mirror is chefs kiss. 
Daud: style matching not there. 
Jaden: I’m impressed! I do think this style matching is good- just highlighting needs to be edited.
Rose: perspective is 80% there, not thrilled about the books.
Mark: agreed so far, i notice this is an isometric pixel artist! which could be cool, but it doesn’t line up.
Andrea: love the mirrors and the perspective is good. needs edits to highlights. 

Yes

D: Luke
Brian: the floor is a lot. the polar bear brings me joy. I’m impressed by the golf bag. not perfect but good attempt and detail. portraits are adorable. like the attention to detail. 
Daud: nice scene composition, the floor tiles are heinous. Perspective is wonky. 
Jaden: I would hire them as a cartographer not a pixel artist, pass. 
Rose: Nice showing the wall lights in two different views. 
Mark: They seem to have learned a lot by simply doing this project. 
Andrea: they have experience but they are off on perspective. they are better at composition than drawing assets. 

Yes


E: Daniel Lyons
Brian: nice individual assets. 
Daud: this one is boring but solid. looks gather-y. almost too gather-y!
Jaden: they achieved what they set out to accomplish. great job matching gather objects and perspective. 
Rose: great detail. cute, hire them. this is a great space, they are using the correct perspective on hard objects like the couches. 
Mark: great work. agreed with points. 
Andrea: good work, good style  matching.

Yes


F:
Brian: floor is nice but loud. i like the plant. in general there’s nice elements. not sure what to add. 
Daud: not much to say. not a great wood floor but the others are ok. objects are pretty good. 
Jaden: not impressed not much to say. not disappointed but not excited. 
Rose: why the barrels lol. i like the rugs. this is ok.
Mark: Im picking up on the barrels and the bed are the most impressive are consistent with each other but not with the rest. red flags. pass
Andrea: the shading on the barrels is great. but the perspective and scale is not great. 

G: Pixel Zach
Brian: again, not into the wood floors. i love the fridge. perspective is good.  plants are solid.  overall i like. 
Daud: i could go either way. textures well done. bikes arent great. 
Jaden: impressed!! would go up to bat for this person. love the delicate attention to detail in plants, lighting on the pot, the style guide followed perfectly. 
Rose: great detail. great believable gather space. would be a stellar gather artist. 
Andrea: love the details on the objects, the plants are perfect, this is a good candidate. 
Mark: agreed with all our points and overall a yes. 

Yes

H:
Brian: wood! floors! AHHH! perspective is wonky. love the detail in the aquarium and cat— but it doesn’t feel gather. 
Daud: hate this floor looks like a shingled roof. not crazy about the fishtank tbh. interesting style. 
Jaden: not impressed. confusing perspective on fish tank. nothing special here. 
Rose: counter from two perspectives is something they could do. potential, but they are not consistent yet. 
Andrea: overall eh. inconsistent. 
Mark: agreed, they recognised our aesthetic but couldn’t execute on this. 

I:
Brian: follow the yellow brick road. not impressed by floors. like the chess table and toilet lol. 
Daud: it’s ok. meh. 
Jaden: immediate pass. 
Rose: not ready. 
Andrea: nice jacuzzi but meh. 
Mark: mathematically faithful to the perspective but meh. 

J:
Brian: impressed by the side view hooded stove. not impressed by floor but these things are solid. 
Daud: not crazy about these things. shading not great, too much white. 
Jaden: nice side view kitchen. not super impressed, used black inlining and white, so they clearly didn’t read the style guide very well. 
Rose: nice use of color. 
Andrea: not liking it but do like the rig and plant in the back. not super polished. 
Mark: agreed to above. they messed up some inlining and perspective, generally a pass. 

K: Alexandra Salazar
Brian: it’s a LOT. they looked at the instructions and didn’t follow but its good looking. 
Daud: ignored elements of our style but used color well. indexed with crazy dithering skills. he’s all for it. 
Jaden: not our style. was a little suspicious. pretty art, but they didn’t try to match us at all. 
Rose: attached to their ego apparent through their style. 
Andrea: outside gather i love the style but it’s not gather— they had the instructions and they ignored it and did their own thing. 
Mark: I have more context on this person. it looks like they’re trying to do Gather ++. I like what they’re doing and would go to bat for this person. I like what they’re doing and I’m impressed with the shading. I want to see what else they can do. 

Yes - but sus


L:
Brian: I love this one. It’s explicitly not gather though. but the mood is great. the plants nah.
Daud: not pixel art
Jaden: gradients, not following style guide. not good perspective. 
Rose: consistent style but not gather. 
Andrea: no gradients in pixel art. i don’t like it that much. 
Mark: clear misunderstanding here. but i like their style. disappointed. 

M:
Brian: floors are loud. everything else is ok. 
Daud: pond is an A+. bad floors. meh on every thing else. 
Jaden: nice rug nice pond. pass on this person, meh on everything else. 
Rose: meh pass. nice rug. 
Andrea: nice pond nice rug but yeah meh. not my taste. just ok perspective. 
Mark: they tried but didn’t execute. 


N: Jamel
Brian: Don’t like.
Daud: No. 
Jaden: No.
Rose: No. Hideous. 
Andrea: No.  Jarring floor, water effect is ok. 
Mark: Pass.


O:
Brian: Not wood floor. grass coming though floors is not well done.
Daud: mice on top of the walls is weird, this is overall meh
Jaden: Quick pass
Rose: Not our vibe. 
Andrea: Plants are nice but not good. 
Mark: Like their use of color and shape of kitchenette set. Maybe.


P: 
Brian: Floor is wood. Uhh…. perspective is whack. plants are ok. 
Daud: Meh. 
Jaden: Quickpass.
Rose: Meh.
Andrea: Seems very new to pixel art. 
Mark: Quickpass.


Q: Wendy
Brian: Floors trim is good but not a fan of the wood planks. bottles are good, i like a lot of things about it. 
Daud: I love this on its own and its internally consistent.  but not super gather, but the perspective looks good to me. 
Jaden: I’m a fan, they seem fun to work with, personality shines through, good orthographic perspective seems like they have experience. 
Rose: This is my favourite space that I saw. it’s so consistent.  they took pieces of gather stuff and converted them, which i see potential in this. 
Andrea: I’m a sucker for the medieval thing and i like the windows and theme and walls. consistent, good perspective, good assets adaption.  
Mark: I agree with a lot thats been said. theres a lot of subtle detail I’m a big fan. great use of our palette. skilled at pixel art. 

Yes


R:
Brian: Ahhhh! floor is way too much. i like the walls. 
Daud: hard to get past the floors. no from me.  
Jaden: i like the individual objects and detail. 
Rose: Certain elements are good but that icky floor is hard to get past. 
Andrea: I like the elements of the room but agreed of the floor. 
Mark: shape of the floor is impressive. moving on,

Yes


S: Lillian Xie
Brian: Great. it’s above and beyond. it looks sweet. the bear statue is so joyful. love the crash test dummy. great stuff. 
Daud: im a sucker for space. love the skywalk. the word art is so good. the transparency is so good. the rest of the objects are weaker.  intrigued.
Jaden: LOVE LOVE LOVE this space. great work on it all, it’s evocative and fun. i think the chairs are adapted from the gather style which is excellent work, they followed the prompt. the perspective of the letters are great on the skywalk. 
Rose: echo jaden
Andrea: echoing and love it, some perspective could be fixed but overall really enjoy it all. 
Mark: seems new to pixel art and i think they could take good direction.

Yes


T:
Brian: floor is a lot, i don’t hate it though. seems ok. not blowing me away.
Daud: not crazy about it, the porg is bad. the execution is poor. underwhelming.
Jaden: quickpass.
Rose: like the color combos but pass. 
Andrea: color combos are great, like the fridge, nice cassette player table. too much though. illegible. 
Mark: not a lot of polish. 


V: Dayanna
Brian: Woodfloors. cat tower is awesome. could have done more with the walls, i like the pastry cabinet. 
Daud: not crazy about this one. it reads but the perspective is off. 
Jaden: quickpass. 
Rose: pass
Andrea: cat tree ok but overall it could be better. 
Mark: agree with all. 

Yes


Y: 
Brian: floor is a bit much but not awful. nice table cloth draping off the table.
Daud: not impressed. its ok. not terrible. 
Jaden: pass. nice rug tho. underwhelming. 
Rose: plus on rug  and ottoman. 
Andrea: i like some things about this but not much to say. 
Mark: not perfect execution. 







TO QA / TO UPLOAD - 

Sound Notes:
CDN LINK similar to how we handle images
1 hr ambient loop is 2gb and a large image is?? 
file size max limit: ?
no 1hr loops
our tool can handle…responsible for paying for users storage (part of upgrade plan only?)
hour loops OK for us on
Sound music complaints - users shouldn’t be able to upload their own imo DMCA
piracy of music problem

we should have a generic library sounds
we have to put the sound somewhere so it can be transmitted to the people who are listening it
loaded to CDN (?) 
we don’t care about storage costs at all !!  users can upload sound limits up to a limit 
most of our objects will be spriteless emitters or radio? (some of them, fireplace) 
volume slider 
loops or not
place object that has a firework sound
place by trophy
jaden and matt are in range but the rest aren’t
they will hear it, they will hear it once and it will stop. if they refresh the page they will hear it, but if they revisit the page or stay there once and it will not loop. remove the sound property of the object. 
“play this sound only once” cases 
bushes rustle sound
if you get close to it it will make the coffee animation go and the sound happen 
it moves across the map 
object sounds that will have on interaction on activation
all looped sounds 

READING: The Sound Studies Reader by Jonathan Sterne
Phenomenology of Perception by Meaurice Merleau-Ponty


Ambients:
Rain
Fire
beach 
diner
Chatter
Forest
Street 
a Clock, Ticking
a Fishtank, Bubbling
a Water Fountain, Waterfalling
a river or creek

Environments: 

Rooftop 

Fireplace

Fountain - needs! 
https://www.soundsnap.com/small_fountain_gentle_splashing_with_sound_of_small_jet_wav_0
https://www.soundsnap.com/small_fountain_trickling_slowly_01_wav_0

Cafe - needs!

Diner - needs! 
https://www.pond5.com/sound-effects/item/94192921-cafeteria-interior-w-radio-background-1981-la

River- needs!

Beach - needs! 

Park -

Pier - needs! Pier, which is distinct from Beach,  Seagulls and boardwalk pier sounds. 
Seagulls, light chatter. https://www.soundsnap.com/ambience_boardwalkbridge_xy_lake_noon_restaurants_shopping_woodenwalkways_ironrailings_fountains_geese_ducks_joggers_distanttraf

School - - https://artlist.io/sfx/track/21448/indoor-experiences---school-courtyard,-students-chatter,-gym-recess


Office Complex - 
listen to them overlapped and look for compatible sounds that loop



Where people are on the map correlating to what sounds people want to work near

$500 budget for sounds 

----
- easter - april 4 
- 1x1.5 tables (drafting table)
- playing cards .io
- more food
- office sets (like "desk set")
- 3x3 planter boxes


- castle stuff
- more walls/floors

----

- graduation objects
- suggestion box